The ego-vehicle loses control due to bad conditions on the road and it must recover, coming back to its original lane.
The ego-vehicle is performing an unprotected left turn at an intersection, yielding to oncoming traffic. This scenario occurs at both signalized and non-signalized junctions.
The ego-vehicle is performing a right turn at an intersection, yielding to crossing traffic. This scenario occurs at both signalized and non-signalized junctions.
The ego-vehicle needs to negotiate with other vehicles to cross an unsignalized intersection. In this situation it is assumed that the first to enter the intersection has priority.
The ego-vehicle is going straight at an intersection but a crossing vehicle runs a red light, forcing the ego-vehicle to avoid the collision. This scenario occurs at both signalized and non-signalized junctions.
The ego-vehicle needs to perform a turn at an intersection yielding to bicycles crossing from either the left or right.
The ego-vehicle merges into moving highway traffic from a highway on-ramp.
The ego-vehicle encounters a vehicle merging into its lane from a highway on-ramp. The ego-vehicle must decelerate, brake or change lane to avoid a collision.
The ego-vehicle encounters a vehicle cutting into its lane from a lane of static traffic. The ego-vehicle must decelerate, brake or change lane to avoid a collision.
The ego-vehicle must cross a lane of moving traffic to exit the highway at an off-ramp
The ego-vehicle is approached by an emergency vehicle coming from behind. The ego-vehicle must maneuver to allow the emergency vehicle to pass.
The ego-vehicle encounters an obstacle blocking the lane and must perform a lane change into traffic moving in the same direction to avoid it. The obstacle may be a construction site, an accident or a parked vehicle.
The ego-vehicle encounters an obstacle blocking the lane and must perform a lane change into traffic moving in the opposite direction to avoid it. The obstacle may be a construction site, an accident or a parked vehicle
The ego-vehicle encounters a parked vehicle opening a door into its lane and must maneuver to avoid it.
The ego-vehicle encounters a slow moving hazard blocking part of the lane. The ego-vehicle must brake or maneuver next to a lane of traffic moving in the same direction to avoid it.
The ego-vehicle encounters a slow moving hazard blocking part of the lane. The ego-vehicle must brake or maneuver to avoid it next to a lane of traffic moving in the opposite direction.
The ego-vehicle encounters an oncoming vehicles invading its lane on a bend due to an obstacle. It must brake or maneuver to the side of the road to navigate past the oncoming traffic.
The leading vehicle decelerates suddenly due to an obstacle and the ego-vehicle must perform an emergency brake or an avoidance maneuver.
The ego-vehicle encounters an obstacle / unexpected entity on the road and must perform an emergency brake or an avoidance maneuver.
The ego-vehicle encounters an pedestrian emerging from behind a parked vehicle and advancing into the lane. The ego-vehicle must brake or maneuver to avoid it.
While performing a maneuver, the ego-vehicle encounters an obstacle in the road, either a pedestrian or a bicycle, and must perform an emergency brake or an avoidance maneuver.
While performing a maneuver, the ego-vehicle encounters a stopped vehicle in the road and must perform an emergency brake or an avoidance maneuver.
The ego-vehicle must slow down or brake to allow a parked vehicle exiting a parallel parking bay to cut in front.
The ego-vehicle must exit a parallel parking bay into a flow of traffic.
