A pedestrian crossing a multi-lane roadway was struck by vehicle. The driver was looking for other vehicles and traffic controls, but did not see the pedestrian
Driver ran the red light. The driver saw the light turn yellow but decided to continue through the intersection
The driver was alert and driving along a surface street. Suddenly something appeared in the driver's path (e.g., pedestrian)
Vehicle A, in an attempt to turn left, cut the corner too sharply and clipped Vehicle B waiting at the intersection. Vehicle A began the turn too early and misjudged the distance between cars.
Vehicle A, in an attempt to turn left, cut the corner too sharply and clipped Vehicle B waiting at the intersection.
Vehicle B was following Vehicle A too closely. Vehicle A had to stop quickly; B could not stop in time and rear-ended A
A northbound vehicle, A, was stopped waiting at a red traffic signal in an urban area on a major artery. Another vehicle, B, coming from some distance behind, didn't notice that A was stopped and could not stop in time.
A stopped vehicle, A, was looking left and right down a cross road waiting for traffic to clear before proceeding. Another driver, B, waiting behind A was also checking crossing traffic. Vehicle A started to go, decided that it wasn't safe, and abruptly stopped. Driver B, who had been watching traffic, thought that A had moved on and proceeded. Driver B rear-ended driver A.
Vehicle A was braking for stopped traffic. Driver B, coming from some distance behind A, saw the brake lights. When B braked the road was very slick. B did not stop and struck A in the rear.
Vehicle A, in an attempt to pass vehicle B, cut around B, but too closely. Driver A misjudged the distance between cars and clipped the corner of B.
Driver of Vehicle A looked for traffic before changing lanes to the right on a four-lane road. The driver did not see Vehicle B in the curb lane. Vehicle B braked and steered to avoid Vehicle A.
Driver of Vehicle A looked for traffic before changing lanes to the left on a four-lane road. The driver did not see Vehicle B in the next lane. Vehicle B had no time to react and nowhere to go to avoid Vehicle A
Vehicle A saw Vehicle B approaching in the next lane. A determined that B was far enough back that A could change lanes. Driver A misjudged the distance and speed of Vehicle B. Driver B pressed the brake hard but was unable to stop and struck A from behind.
Vehicle A and vehicle B were both heading in the same direction on a multi-lane road in different lanes. B attempted to turn from the curb lane across the path of A onto a side street. Driver A struck illegally turning B in the driver's side.
A northbound vehicle, A, was waiting to make a left turn. The light changed and the northbound vehicle began to turn left. A southbound driver, B, accelerated hard, hoping to make the light and struck Vehicle A.
Vehicle A was waiting to turn left. Driver A observed B approaching from the opposite direction, but thought there was enough time to complete the left turn. Driver A misjudged vehicle B’s distance and was struck by Vehicle B.




